Adding `content` escape info (#19532)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_search/reference/language.md

</script>

Any string, including whitespace, may be quoted with single `'` or double `"`

> quotes. Quotes can be escaped with `\`. Literal `\` characters will need to be escaped, eg `\\`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quotes. Quotes can be escaped with `\`. Literal `\` characters will need to be escaped, e.g., `\\`.
```

Reviewer: @emchap this really should be `e.g.,` though 😄
